Sample for demonstrating the use of AzureEventSourceListener (#23495) (#23495)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/eventhub/Azure.Messaging.EventHubs/samples/Sample10_AzureEventSourceListener.md

> # Capturing Event Hubs logs using AzureEventSourceListener class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Capturing Event Hubs logs using the AzureEventSourceListener
```

The Event Hubs client library is instrumented using the .NET [`EventSource`](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.tracing.eventsource) mechanism for logging. When instrumenting or diagnosing issues with applications that consume the library, it is often helpful to have access to the Event Hubs logs.  The following scenarios demonstrate how to use the [`AzureEventSourceListener`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/core/Azure.Core/samples/Diagnostics.md#logging) from the `Azure.Core` package to capture logs emitted by the Event Hubs client library.

> ## Capture ALL Events and display them in the Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Capture ALL events and write them in to the console
```

**Note:** The Event Hubs client library emits a large amount of logs.  Capturing the full set of `Verbose` or `Informational` logs is not recommended for production applications unless troubleshooting a specific issue or storing gigabytes of log data is not a concern.

This example captures all Azure SDK logs from any client library in use, writing them to the standard `Console` output stream.

```C# Snippet:EventHubs_Sample10_ConsoleListener
var connectionString = "<< CONNECTION STRING FOR THE EVENT HUBS NAMESPACE >>";
var eventHubName = "<< NAME OF THE EVENT HUB >>";

using AzureEventSourceListener consoleListener = AzureEventSourceListener.CreateConsoleLogger(EventLevel.LogAlways);

EventHubProducerClient producer = new EventHubProducerClient(connectionString, eventHubName);

try
{
    using var eventBatch = await producer.CreateBatchAsync();

    var eventData = new EventData("This is an event body");

    if (!eventBatch.TryAdd(eventData))
    {
        throw new Exception($"The event could not be added.");
    }
}
finally
{
    await producer.CloseAsync();
}
```

> ## Capture ALL Events and display them in the Trace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Capture ALL events and write them to `Trace`
```

Similar to the previous example, this snippet captures all logs, but writes them to [`Trace`](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace) output.   This approach may be desirable for applications that do not have the `Console` available.

```C# Snippet:EventHubs_Sample10_TraceListener
var connectionString = "<< CONNECTION STRING FOR THE EVENT HUBS NAMESPACE >>";
var eventHubName = "<< NAME OF THE EVENT HUB >>";

using AzureEventSourceListener traceListener = AzureEventSourceListener.CreateTraceLogger(EventLevel.LogAlways);

EventHubProducerClient producer = new EventHubProducerClient(connectionString, eventHubName);

try
{
    using var eventBatch = await producer.CreateBatchAsync();

    var eventData = new EventData("This is an event body");

    if (!eventBatch.TryAdd(eventData))
    {
        throw new Exception($"The event could not be added.");
    }
}
finally
{
    await producer.CloseAsync();
}
```

> ## Capture filtered Log Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Apply filtering logic to logs
```

{
    if (args.EventSource.Name.StartsWith("Azure-Identity") && args.Level == EventLevel.Verbose)
    {
        Trace.WriteLine(message);
    }
    else if (args.EventSource.Name.StartsWith("Azure-Messaging-EventHubs"))
    {
        switch (args.EventId)
        {
            case 3:   // Publish Start
            case 4:   // Publish Complete
            case 5:   // Publish Error
                Console.WriteLine(message);
                break;
        }
    }
}, EventLevel.LogAlways);

EventHubsConnectionStringProperties connectionStringProperties = EventHubsConnectionStringProperties.Parse(connectionString);

TokenCredential credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();

var producer = new EventHubProducerClient(
    connectionStringProperties.FullyQualifiedNamespace,
    connectionStringProperties.EventHubName ?? eventHubName,
    credential);

try
{
    using var eventBatch = await producer.CreateBatchAsync();

    var eventData = new EventData("This is an event body");

    if (!eventBatch.TryAdd(eventData))
    {
        throw new Exception($"The event could not be added.");
    }
}
finally
{
    await producer.CloseAsync();
}
```

> ## Capture filtered Log Events to a file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Capture filtered logs to a file
```
